1. Project name : PEDDYY
 
2. Short description of the project : PEDDY is a pet adoption platform where users can browse and adopt pets. PEDDY allows users to choose between different categories and it also offers every possible information about the animal which are available to adopt. The basic stuctures and designs of the website is made with the help of daisyUI and TailwindCSS. This website has a responsive navbar, a responsive banner section with a 'view more' button which will direct the user to pets section. Pets section includes 4 dynamic categories and in the left side the website displays all pet cards. Every single pet card includes information about a specific pet. The right side displays a container to add the liked pets. All single cards has a 'details' button, if clicked it will open a modal where user can find every information about the pet they have selected. There is also a adopt button which lets user to adopt the pet and it also shows a modal with countdown and changes the button behavior. The null or undefined values of the pets information is handled. The website has a responsive footer also. The overall website is responsive and will work fine in every display size.
 
3. 5 key features of the project : This website has a collection of different kinds of animal which can be adopted, There are options to choose between Dogs, Cats, Rabbits, Birds. The default page will show all available animals and if the user selects a specific category then the page will load and display only the selected category among all pets. The user can add their liked pets in a card-like section by clicking like button of the pet card. Users can also use the 'Adopt' button, which will let the user adopt the pet. User can know about all available information about the pet such as name, breed, date of birth, gender, price, vaccination status and other details by clicking the details button. The website is fully responsive and will work fine in every display size.

4. ES6 features used : Block scope, Arrow Functions, Template Literals.

5. Live link to the deployed project : 
